why makes me feel I'm peaceful please I
can't sleep now look that's it it's over
I want you out I want you out of the
apartment now Hannibal Lecter better
roommate than you see now I don't think
it being fair I mean one night you see
me you'll get scared I mean the other
night you don't see me huh what about
last night anyone got a fake a while
when I was nice enough to hide behind
the goal what's that about I didn't
realize yeah yes please okay don't want
to hear you say no I want to hear you
say you want me out I want you out no no
I want to hear from your lips you know
what I just they consider me gun you
know what I'll be out by the time you
get home four more come on I heard that
[Music]
you finally get that time machine
working huh so you like it this guy was
selling on eighth Avenue when I looked
at him I thought you know what I don't
have a mirror I think it's jaunty Wow
for a guy who's recently lost his job
you're in a good mood he'll be all right
I mean psycho son from square one that
was dr. drake ramoray on days of our
lives I mean that's gonna have some kind
of cash a cash a jaunty train they gave
me aware of the date other people let me
get the club oh so so so did you read
the book oh my god it was incredible
didn't ever totally speak to you rich oh
you have to read this book it's called
be your own wind keeper it's about how
women need to become more empowered yeah
and oh and but there's there's wind and
the wind can make us goddesses but you
know who takes our wind then they just
take it then just take our wind uh-huh
all the time cuz they are the making
bearers well that sounds kind of cool
it's kind of like a hobbit it's nothing
like reading about every relationship
I've ever had except for Richard oh yes
no Richard would never steal your wind
no no because he's yummy yes
yes oh and the part about how there are
always like drinking from our coil of
inner power but God forbid we should
take a step anybody want to call it okay
this is a typical lightning Bearer thing
right there it's like hello who wants
one of my phallic-shaped man caves
don't worry about it already things
happen so you're not mad at me for
getting fired and everything Joey
look at me look at me do I have lipstick
on my teeth no can we get back to me
look people get fired left and right in
this business I already got you into
addition for another world hey cab
driver number two you're welcome
well that was dr. drake ramoray how can
I go from being a neurosurgeon to
driving a cab there's James wrong with
them but this is a two-line part it's
like taking a step backwards I'm not
gonna do this I'm gonna tell you the
same thing I told Al minzer and his
pyramid of drugs take any job you can
get and don't make on the floor sorry I
mean it's just so isn't it this is like
reading about my own wife I mean this
book could have been called B road when
caper Rachel
sold a million copies but it would've
made a nice gift for you guys hey
sweetie we've gotta go no no no why do
we always have to do everything
according to your timetable actually
it's the movie theater that has the time
so you don't miss the beginning no see
this isn't about the movie theater this
is about you stealing my wind
you go girl I can't pull it off get it
excuse me your wind yes my wind how do
you expect me to grow if you won't let
me blow
you know I don't have
the problem with that
I just I just really need to be with
myself right now
I'm sorry you're right I don't have to
apologize sorry no it's got all this
stuff about wind and trees and there's
some kind of sacred pool in it I mean I
don't really get it but she's she's
pretty upset about it see this is why I
don't date women who read what's that
it's my visa bill envelope one of two
that can't be good open it open oh my
God look at this how they spend so much
money joy that's just the minimum out
dude that's your total dude $500 at
porcelain Safari my animals hey the guy
said they suited me he spoke with an axe
I was all confused I guess you can start
by driving a cab on another world what
that audition that's a two line party
charlie
yo $1,100 that I love lucite so suck it
up man it's a job it's money hey I don't
need you getting all judgmental and
condescending and pedantic I'm not doing
any of those things okay I'm just being
realistic but look it off he's supposed
to be my friend I am your friend well
then tell me things like Joey you'll be
fine and hang in there and then
something bigs gonna come along I know
but I don't know it what I do know is
that you owe $2,300 it isn't it romantic
hey I'm aware of what I all ok well then
get some sense I mean it took you about
10 years to get that job who knows how
long it's gonna be till you get another
I don't wanna hear this right now I'm
just saying don't just say maybe I
should just go okay
okay I'll see you later just thinking
about it
okay I don't need to think about it i
was dr. drake ramoray that was huge
big things are gonna happen you'll see
Russ you still down
[Music]
hey what are you still doing here
just some basic dehydrating of a few
fruits and vegetables fantastic look at
you forgetting anything oh yes look I
got us in the goldfish he's got a lot
feisty er than the last one maybe
because the last ones made by pepperidge
farm isn't there something else you're
supposed to be doing right now no unless
it's got something to do with the
hydrating my man cuz right now look you
have to help me out here I thought we
had a deal
your last roommates kidney that's a
tomato this one definitely goes in the
display hey Gunther lemonade you okay
man that's career stuff I don't you
heard that they killed off my character
on the show oh that's too bad
how'd they do it I fell down an elevator
shaft love socks I was buried in an
avalanche what I used to be Bryce on all
my children
[Music]
why must everybody watch me sleep
watching me sleep no more watching check
it out I got some great stuff to
dihybrid I got some grapes cut some
apricots I thought be really cool to see
what happens with these water
improvements yeah
get out get out get out get out what you
move out take your fruit your stupid
small fruit and death
let's make it easy buddy tell me it's
Weis want me to go alright people one
second a video of my fish you are in the
same jacket all the way to the airport
huh you know that's over 30 miles that's
gonna cost you about so bucks excuse me
that's 50 bucks what 500 dollars oh you
know what it is it's smudgy because
they're fax pages now when I was on Days
of Our Lives I start to drape her all
right the whole script I'm real paper
and everything yeah that's great hey
just so you know if you wanted to expand
this seemed like like how the cab crash
or something I could attend to the
victims because I have a background of
medical acting okay and listen thanks
for coming in no no don't thank me for
coming in please let me finish
we could take the expressway but this
time of day you're better off taking the
bunch you were going for the word breach
their way
okay question number 28 have you ever
allowed a lightning Bearer to take your
wind I would have to say no do not
remember the public yeah you like
totally let him wash his feet in the
pool of your inner power into the force
of my righteous truth on the first date
number 29 never betray another goddess
for a lightning Bearer okay number 30 29
not not to my recollection Shack ninth
grade oh come on Rachel you know the
bottle was totally pointing at me only
because you took up half the circle
listen to you - it's so sad to be going
to the goddess meetings alone not when
they find out you've slept with Jason
Hurley an hour after he broke up with
Monica
okay be careful with that 3d Last Supper
Judas is a little loose oh my god
what's going on I've taken all my stuff
back I'm good see all right
no look I wasn't right that's what I
came here to tell you all right
I was totally hung up on my own stuff
the other day so listen I'm someone who
needs the whole security thing you know
to know exactly where my next paycheck
is coming from but you you don't need
that and that's amazing to me
I couldn't we do what you do Joey thanks
for us yeah and you shouldn't hold out
for something bigger I can't tell you
how much respect I have for you're not
going to that stupid cab driver audition
I went how'd it go Paris I can't watch
this hold on hold on how much for the
how much to save the bird twelve on him
Bally's you spent $1,200 on a plastic
bird it was an impulse buy it and near
the register
okay you have anything around do the dog
yeah I'll take it my gift to you man
thanks for us I really like that burden
[Music]
here your cakes we didn't order cake no
I know they're from me look you guys
this is not good and we have enough
trouble with guys dealing our wind
without taking it from each other right
no I love you goddesses I don't ever
want to do it again so are we good we're
good we're good
yeah okay let me take these cakes back
cause we're gonna take that up my
paycheck ding dong the psychos gone
are you sure this time yes yes I
actually saw him leave I mean that guy
is sanding the window holding a human
head check it out man I thought up some
mannequin in the alley behind Macy's
there is no alley behind Macy's so I got
in the Junior Miss Department big this
hey check it out man's gonna make a hell
of a conversation piece at our next
cocktail party how bout our next
cocktail party yeah you know but chips
in it when they get anything like a chip
check you know Eddie do you remember
yesterday yes I think I've a Glee recall
do you remember talking to me yesterday
yes so what happened with the Las Vegas
man oh sweet Moses crept out but mr. 21
over here he cleans up 300 bucks take it
out you these new shoes sweet huh good
see upstairs
is there anyone else starting to really
like you
may I help you
why doesn't my cute what's all my stuff
doing downstairs I'm sorry have we met
your freakin roommates I'm sorry he's
like there for years I don't I don't
know what you're talking about man no he
moved out I move in but I think we'd
remember something like that
okay well I guess I got the wrong I'm
sorry no problem see you
goodbye you fruit drying psychopath so
you'll help to unpack yourself yeah I'm
okay
oh and just so you know I'm not moving
back in because I have to I mean I do
have to okay it's just that place it
wasn't really I mean this is welcome
home man guys to cantaloupe Hey look we
met to bring us in every time I'm gonna
get a lot of money for it
I'm gonna hold him a different way look
I understand if you hated it so much why
don't you buy it in the first place well
I had a whole ceramic zoom thing going
over there but now that the other ones
it just looks tacky see how strangers
are gonna leave little bathroom tiles
all over the place shake shake good fake
dog
[Music]